README.md, before:

# 2048-Qt

A clone of [2048](https://github.com/gabrielecirulli/2048), implemented in Qt.

## Features

- Cross platform  
  Currently tested on Windows and Linux. Should be able to run on Mac OS X or even Android and iOS.
- Shipped with multiple variants
  - 2048
  - Degree (学位)
  - Military Rank (军衔)
  - PRC (天朝)
- Multi-language support, currently
  - English
  - Simplified Chinese

## Screenshots

- Classical 2048
  ![Screenshot of Classical 2048](http://i1171.photobucket.com/albums/r546/xiaoyong/2048_zps8b4bad15.png)

- 2048 Degree
  ![Screenshot of 2048 Degree](http://i1171.photobucket.com/albums/r546/xiaoyong/2048_degree_zpsb142af1f.png)

## Downloads

Check https://github.com/xiaoyong/2048-Qt/releases for compiled binary executable files. 

### Windows

All required Qt libraries have been packed into one .exe file. So it should work out of the box.

### Linux

The Qt libraries (version >= 5.2.1) are required. Make sure that they are installed on your system.

### Arch Linux

Install the AUR package [2048-qt](https://aur.archlinux.org/packages/2048-qt/) through:
```
yaourt 2048-qt
```
And please vote it if you like it.

## Todo

- AI support

Commit message:

added the Debian package in README

README.md, after:

# 2048-Qt

A clone of [2048](https://github.com/gabrielecirulli/2048), implemented in Qt.

## Features

- Cross platform  
  Currently tested on Windows and Linux. Should be able to run on Mac OS X or even Android and iOS.
- Shipped with multiple variants
  - 2048
  - Degree (学位)
  - Military Rank (军衔)
  - PRC (天朝)
- Multi-language support, currently
  - English
  - Simplified Chinese

## Screenshots

- Classical 2048
  ![Screenshot of Classical 2048](http://i1171.photobucket.com/albums/r546/xiaoyong/2048_zps8b4bad15.png)

- 2048 Degree
  ![Screenshot of 2048 Degree](http://i1171.photobucket.com/albums/r546/xiaoyong/2048_degree_zpsb142af1f.png)

## Downloads

Check https://github.com/xiaoyong/2048-Qt/releases for compiled binary executable files. 

### Windows

All required Qt libraries have been packed into one .exe file. So it should work out of the box.

### Linux

The Qt libraries (version >= 5.2.1) are required. Make sure that they are installed on your system.

### Arch Linux

Install the AUR package [2048-qt](https://aur.archlinux.org/packages/2048-qt/) through:
```
yaourt 2048-qt
```
And please vote it if you like it.

### Debian

[Alejandro Garrido Mota](https://github.com/mogaal) has packaged it for Debian. On Debian unstable, install it through:
```
sudo apt-get install 2048-qt
```

## Todo

- AI support
